# biboy777.github.io
1. Applications of Concepts Taught: With the help from various sources online and the things that I've learned during our lab discussions, I was able to create this very simple personal website. Being a person with very little creative knowledge, it was very hard for me to start building the website as the first thing I had to do was think of how it will look like. Thankfully, I was able to find various ideas from the internet and be able to mix them with what I've learned. I started off by declaring the variables that I will be using in my CSS file, which was used throughout the whole design of the website via the use of different CSS selectors and Flexbox/Grid. After that, in creating the HTML part of the website, I first positioned where the header, main content, script, and footer would be at. The header contains the navigation elements, including a toggle button, logo (only visible on certain screen sizes), and menu items of my website. The main content, which includes the Home, About Me, Skills, Education, Projects, and Contact Me sections of my website. And finally, the footer, which provides the copyright information, serving as the conclusion. Although the task didn't really ask to make use of JavaScript, I needed to implement functionalities in my website that would need it. I made use of it to control the navigation toggle logic and to control the download of certain files when the user presses the icons in the project. The things that I've learned during the Introduction to JavaScript, (especially how to use functions) the IT114 Lecture (events,querySelector), and various online resources really helped me in implementing these features into my website. I also made sure that the website is still visual appealing when being viewed in different screen sizes/devices via media queries, enhancing responsiveness. Finally, the last bit of addition that I made to the website was adding a playful bounce animation that can be seen on every social links on my website. Funnily enough, making the website via the Live Preview in VSCode slightly made it harder for me to implement various things as the screen size would sometimes be different because I change window sizes from time to time, making me confused during some parts in the creation of the website

Design: Like I said earlier, this was the most difficult part for me as I am really not a very creative person when it comes to design in general. Because of this, I made use of various online resources to find a very simple website template idea that fits with what I am looking for and go from there. In terms of how I was able to make the design of the website, the variables that I declared in the beginning of the CSS file made it so that I can easily control and adjust the font styles, colors, and layout dimensions. Although during some times, it kind of restricted me (even though I can simply put a new color/font style/dimension and ignore the use of the variables) when it comes to designing the website, I'd say it still helped me save a lot of time in the long run. Importing boxicons was also used for the icons of the websites, which was really handy. The 'Raleway' font from Google Fonts was also chosen for a clean and modern appearance (personal preference). Also, like I said before, responsive design was ensured through the use of media queries, making it so that the website would still be visually appealing to all devices. Furthermore, hover effects on buttons and certain flex items were implemented to provide some unique user experience. Finally, the use of the bounce animation on the social links is there just for fun.

Content: I simply put information about myself (that I find worth sharing, although some are filler) and also the different works that I have contributed in making (source code of the original projects are not shown as I only put filler files as replacement). 

Creativity: Despite being unimaginative, various online resources helped me in finding design and layout ideas to kickstart the creation of the website.

Deployment: With the help from the sources that our professor provided, the website was deployed via GitHub pages.

2. Personally, I was able to realize how useful everything that was discussed so far (including the Introduction to JavaScript). I realized how important the basic fundamentals of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript can help in making websites. Although I would say that I am not that used to these yet, I still have a lot to learn regarding to how to creatively implement the different functionalities of these languages when creating a website. In addition to this, I still have a lot to learn on how to navigate/use/explore GitHub and its functionalities.

3. The main struggles that I had was trying to figure out how to align certain content with Flexbox/Grid and how to implement media queries, both of which I even faced during the creation of this website (especially media queries). Furthermore, I also find the functions/exports in JavaScript to be confusing at first especially when there are various error messages popping out that you don't understand why it is showing. Furthermore, all of the syntax that was discussed in general was really hard for me to absorb and being able to produce a creative idea out of the languages that was discussed was also hard.

4. I feel like being more used with the syntax and getting to know more of the different capabilities of the languages can help me become more creative in making future websites in general. I feel like that is the main improvement that I have to focus on getting.

5. I have to keep on exploring the different capabilities of everything that was discussed so far, especially the different types of combinations of properties that can be implemented to make creative designs. Furthermore, in the future, I would like to be able to make a design that I came up with originally, incorporating more personalized and innovative elements into future websites.